IV iron update according to BMGF feedback (#763)
ihmeuw/vivarium_research: docs/source/intervention_models/maternal_supplementation/index.rst

    - Relative to IFA
    - 
  * - BEP
    - 0 g/L
    - Relative to IFA/MMS
    - Gates Trials

**How to sample and apply effect sizes:**

> The intervention hemoglobin shifts should be applied at **eight weeks gestataion** (assume pregnancy identification occurs at six weeks, intervention coverage begins at the time of pregnnacy identification, and intervention effect on hemoglobin occurs two weeks after initiation of the intervention). The intervention hemoglobin shift should persist until six weeks postpartum, at which point the simulant's hemoglobin level should return to the pre-pregnancy value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The intervention hemoglobin shifts should be applied at **eight weeks gestation** (assume pregnancy identification occurs at six weeks, intervention coverage begins at the time of pregnancy identification, and intervention effect on hemoglobin occurs two weeks after initiation of the intervention). The intervention hemoglobin shift should persist until six weeks postpartum, at which point the simulant's hemoglobin level should return to the pre-pregnancy value.
```
